Document bulk user upload column names and add ready-to-go spreadsheets (#858)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/apps/guides/data/users-bulk-load.md

## Spreadsheet Instructions

> The spreadsheet interfaces with the [`POST /api/v1/users` API]({{< relref "apps/reference/api#supported-properties-2" >}})
> which makes it as powerful and flexible as calling the API directly.  
> Each column in the spreadsheet maps to an object property understood by the Users API to insert the users into the database.
> These properties can be found in [the Users API documentation]({{<relref "apps/reference/api#post-apiv1users" >}}).

Reviewer: More accurate link (I think?) and snug up some extra line breaks:

```suggestion
The spreadsheet interfaces with the [`POST /api/v1/users` API]({{< relref "apps/reference/api#get-apiv1users" >}}) which makes it as powerful and flexible as calling the API directly.  
Each column in the spreadsheet maps to an object property understood by the Users API to insert the users into the database. These properties can be found in [the Users API documentation]({{<relref "apps/reference/api#post-apiv1users" >}}).
```

> To get you started, we have made available three different spreadsheets compatible with the `default` configuration of the CHT,
> one for each use case that you might encounter when creating users in bulk.  
> You will notice some columns have a `:excluded` suffix. These are columns that are ignored by the API that allows us
> to add autocomplete and data validation within the spreadsheet to make it easier to reason about.

Reviewer: some extra line breaks:

```suggestion
To get you started, we have made available three different spreadsheets compatible with the `default` configuration of the CHT, one for each use case that you might encounter when creating users in bulk.  You will notice some columns have a `:excluded` suffix. These are columns that are ignored by the API that allows us to add autocomplete and data validation within the spreadsheet to make it easier to reason about.
```
